Finally the two travellers reached what appeared to be the entrance to the Pointless Forest. There was a huge thorny barrier with a small sign at its base which read 'THIS WAY'. Once on the other side of the barrier, Oblio and Arrow had their first encounter with the pointless man or the pointed man depending upon your point of view. You see, the pointless man did have a point - He had hundreds of them all pointing in different directions, but as he so quickly pointed out, "A point in every direction is the same as - as no point at all!" and speaking of points, I don't know if you've ever been to a Pointless Forest, but a forest is a forest, and one of the first things Oblio and Arrow noticed about the Pointless Forest was that - all the leaves on all the trees had points! And all the trees had points! In fact, even the branches of all the trees pointed in different directions - which seemed a little strange for a Pointless Forest

When the Pointed Man disappeared, Oblio and Arrow were left standing alone wondering what to do next when suddenly they were aware of a strange sound coming in from the north. And when they looked up, there was a giant swarm of bees - headed straight for them! So, to seek cover they jumped inside a hollow log, but when the bees attacked the log was jarred loose and it tumbled down a steep hill and careened and crashed finally into the base of a most unusual rock pile - in fact, the Rock Man. and the Rock Man said "Say what's happenin' wit' you boys? you look like you're pretty shook up! You been goofin' wit' da bees?" and Oblio told the Rock Man that he got banished, and asked him whether or not this was the pointless forest. The rock man said "Say babe , isn't nuthin' pointless about this game. The thing is, you see what you wanna see - and you hear what you wanna hear. You dig? Did you ever see Paris?"

"No."

"Did you ever see New Delhi?"

"No."

"Well that's it. You see - what you want to see and you hear - what you want to hear."
And with that, the rock man fell soundly asleep, leaving Oblio and Arrow once again all alone. So, they continued on into the pointless forest 'til suddenly Arrow, who had been running a few yards ahead of Oblio, disappeared into a hole. The point of no return

Source: https://genius.com/Harry-nilsson-the-pointed-man-narration-lyrics